README.md, before:

# Terminus

*Greek-themed 2D platform jumper*

// Insert screenshot here

**Terminus** is a greek-themed game for Windows and GNU/Linux.

It was a team work for the classes *"Introduction to Game Development"* and
*"Introduction to Game Design"* of the *Universidade de Brasilia*, Brazil.
It was made over the whole 1st semester of 2013.

**Terminus** was made completely from scratch (code, art and music) by a
partnership of 5 months between people from the departments of *Industrial
Design*, *Computer Science* and *Music*.

## Plot

**Terminus** is a game of conquest, determination and hope.

Ancient Greece. You control **Apterus**, a horse whose dream is to become a
Pegasus. To do so, it builds a pair of mechanical wings and aims to climb the
mighty Mount Olympus - home of the Twelve Olympian gods.

It is believed that whoever survives through this journey may have his wishes
come true. The path, however, is filled with monsters and guardians who will
prevent anyone from climbing it at all costs.

Will **Apterus** ever become a Pegasus? Can you cross a path blocked by the
gods?

## Controls

| Keys          | Action |
| ------------- | ------ |
| Arrows / WASD | Walk   |
| Space         | Jump   |

## Credits

**Design/Art**:

* Sara Lins
* Lucas Bandeira Calixto
* Natalia Cristina Alves Barros
* Jorge Amorim

**Programming**:

* [Nayra Moreira](https://github.com/sinayra)
* [Alexandre Dantas](http://alexdantas.net/)

**Music/Sound Effects**:

* [Lucian Lorens](http://br.linkedin.com/pub/lucian-lorens/6b/802/721)

## Development

**Terminus** is a C++ game made with our custom game engine, using SDL 1.2 for
graphics.

## License

The whole code is released under the MIT license. See file `LICENSE` to see
what you can and cannot do with it.

All art assets (including music) are released on a CC-BY-SA
license. [Click here](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.0/) to see
what you can and cannot do with them.

Commit message:

Updated README.md with screenshots and Windows zip link

README.md, after:

# Terminus

*Greek-themed 2D platform jumper*

![main](http://alexdantas.net/projects/terminus/img/terminus-main-menu.png)
![walk](http://alexdantas.net/projects/terminus/img/terminus-walk.png)
![medu](http://alexdantas.net/projects/terminus/img/terminus-medusa.png)
![flyy](http://alexdantas.net/projects/terminus/img/terminus-fly.png)
![game](http://alexdantas.net/projects/terminus/img/terminus-game-over.png)

**Terminus** is a greek-themed game for Windows and GNU/Linux.

It was a team work for the classes *"Introduction to Game Development"* and
*"Introduction to Game Design"* of the *Universidade de Brasilia*, Brazil.
It was made over the whole 1st semester of 2013.

**Terminus** was made completely from scratch (code, art and music) by a
partnership of 5 months between people from the departments of *Industrial
Design*, *Computer Science* and *Music*.

## Plot

**Terminus** is a game of conquest, determination and hope.

Ancient Greece. You control **Apterus**, a horse whose dream is to become a
Pegasus. To do so, it builds a pair of mechanical wings and aims to climb the
mighty Mount Olympus - home of the Twelve Olympian gods.

It is believed that whoever survives through this journey may have his wishes
come true. The path, however, is filled with monsters and guardians who will
prevent anyone from climbing it at all costs.

Will **Apterus** ever become a Pegasus? Can you cross a path blocked by the
gods?

## Download

* **Windows**: [Click here to download the executable][exe]**;
* **GNU/Linux**: See section *Development* below;

[exe]: https://github.com/alexdantas/terminus/archive/windows.zip

## Controls

| Keys          | Action                       |
| ------------- | ---------------------------- |
| Arrows / WASD | Walk and Jump                |
| Space         | Dash Attack                  |
| Shift         | Run                          |
| Delete        | Suicide                      |
| ESC           | Quit Game                    |
| F1            | (debug) Show collision boxes |

## Credits

**Design/Art**:

* Sara Lins
* Lucas Bandeira Calixto
* Natalia Cristina Alves Barros
* Jorge Amorim

**Programming**:

* [Nayra Moreira](https://github.com/sinayra)
* [Alexandre Dantas](http://alexdantas.net/)

**Music/Sound Effects**:

* [Lucian Lorens](http://br.linkedin.com/pub/lucian-lorens/6b/802/721)

## Development

**Terminus** is a C++ game made with our custom game engine, using SDL 1.2 for
graphics.

To compile and run (if you're on a GNU/Linux system), be sure you have
SDL 1.2 installed and simply do:

    $ make
    $ ./terminus

## License

The whole code is released under the MIT license. See file `LICENSE` to see
what you can and cannot do with it.

All art assets (including music) are released on a CC-BY-SA
license. [Click here](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.0/) to see
what you can and cannot do with them.
